# CNN Architectures - implementations | MLT
The idea of this repo is to show how one can implement a Convolutional Neural Network architecture based on the paper at which it was published. For each architecture there is:

- the paper at which the architecture was originally published where we highlighted the parts needed for the implementation
- a jupyter notebook with a step by step description of how to use this information to infer the structure of the model and code it
- a diagram of the model that corresponds to the architecture and the code structure

There is also a [series of videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFpzCPcI6O0&list=PLaPdEEY26UXyE3UchW0C742xh542yh0yI) where we demonstrate the process of building the models step by step.

In this repo we **do not** deal with the training of the models.
All the models generated by this code will be untrained (randomly initialized).

Also, the code is not related to any official code; it is based on **our** understanding of each architecture.
Thus, it might have errors, bugs etc. Please let me know if you notice something wrong ;)

Due to the fact that we try to infer the network architecture based on the original paper sometimes the structure of the presentation might be a bit cumbersome or strange.
It would be much simpler to describe the architectures based on explanatory material created later on.
However we believe that if one learn how to extract and use the information from the original papers it will be much easier to do it by themselves later on for a new paper.
